JsDom - run tests with JSDOM JSEnv (#796)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/guides/scala-js.md

#  node ./Hello.js
```

> ## Scala.Js DOM support

Reviewer: NIT
```suggestion
## Scala.js DOM support
```
(just realized I've been making a typo too, `Scala.JS` instead of `Scala.js` - but it's not `Scala.Js`. We should unify those at some point…)

> Passing `--js-dom` to the sub-commands to simulate a DOM in Nodej.js

Reviewer: Phrasing:
```suggestion
Pass `--js-dom` to `compile`, `run`, or `test` to simulate a DOM in Node.js
```

:::note

> If you see the following error, it means that you don't have installed `jsdom` library to simulate DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see the following error, it means that you don't have the `jsdom` library installed to simulate the DOM.
```
